add information on how to run oxipng (#59)
godot-rust/gdext-book: ReadMe.md

```

## Oxipng

We use [oxipng](https://github.com/shssoichiro/oxipng) to optimize image file size.
You can install it with `cargo install oxipng` and then run it as follows:

```bash

> oxipng --strip safe --alpha -r src

Reviewer: As mentioned, it wasn't rendered properly -- the bash codeblock still needs a closing triple backtick 🙂

Author: I did add closing ticks with another commit, or do you mean something else? ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/68145c78-3885-4fad-9c82-cea7ca0f5639)

Reviewer: You're right! For some reason this didn't display in my diff. Sorry!

```

> ## Oxypng
> 
> We use [oxpng](https://github.com/shssoichiro/oxipng) to optimize image file size.
> You can install it with ``cargo install oxipng``
> and then run it with ``oxipng --strip safe --alpha -r src``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Oxipng

We use [oxipng](https://github.com/shssoichiro/oxipng) to optimize image file size.
You can install it with `cargo install oxipng` and then run it as follows:

```bash
oxipng --strip safe --alpha -r src
```
```

Reviewer: For some reason the \`\`\` cannot be nested, so the "suggestion" block doesn't render properly.

Either way, I think it's nice if the command has its own line, that makes it a bit easier to see and copy-paste 🙂
